Displaying an alert popup everytime the Playlist is created or deleted (#18782)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/purple-dolls-change.md

Reviewer: Looks like 2 identical changesets were created? You should only need one and can delete the other

---
'@backstage/plugin-playlist': patch
---

> Displaying an alert popup everytime the Playlist is created or deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displaying an alert popup every time the Playlist is created or deleted
```
